I
the opposite of Jimmy Kimmel Matt Damon
and that was my bandleader Sheryl Crow
who sounds great now do you have any new
music coming out yeah I'm working on
something uh no single coming out pretty
soon good
has anyone heard it yet
no I'm still working on it I think I'm
gonna have it done by the end of the
show so then maybe you consider doing
the kind of the world premiere here on
the show tonight
yeah well under normal circumstances no
but since you're hosting yeah now I'm
excited okay great um and speaking of me
being excited I'm very excited to talk
to my next guest she dated Jimmy Kimmel
for five years and made love to me for
two incredible minutes please say hello
to Sarah Silverman
but it's great having you out here
tonight uh I mean we yeah we haven't
seen each other since uh
yesin suit thanks thanks you too uh but
hey you know why I brought John I was
wondering if you could you could just
describe your relationship with Jimmy
for me oh gosh um I guess like you know
when you're in New York and you pass by
those hot dog vendors and you're like
I'm not gonna eat this it's not good for
me the smell gets to you and you can't
help yourself and you get one and you
like pound out two or three of them and
then later on you're puking you know and
I'm just like why did I put this inside
me
the encasing and all the entrails that
are probably in there and so I guess
it's like that I could have given you a
shorter answer I'm sorry it was a roller
coaster do you know why people think
Jimmy's so funny no why no no I'm asking
you I was hoping you could tell me thank
you for that
as long as you're here is there anything
you'd like to say to Jimmy I mean he's a
captive audience um no I'm good
great Sarah Silverman